unbelievable it's been like a half an
hour this was a cartoon you'll be
looking like a ham right about now oh
there's the waitress excuse me miss
hello miss baby all right okay
hi okay with happy y'all wait wait what
are you doing here yeah I was over there
and then you said excuse me hello miss
so now I'm here
no how come you're working here right
yeah cuz it's close to where I live and
the aprons are really cute can we start
over
yeah okay great I'm gonna be over here
No
so I don't know whether he's testing me
or just acting out but my monkey is out
of control
he keeps erasing the messages on my
machine supposedly by accident I've done
that and then like three days in a row
hehe got to the newspaper before I did
and peed all over the cross I've never
done that and then last night I don't
know what he did but they were capers
everywhere all right now look at her and
tell me she doesn't look exactly like
her sister I'm saying I see a difference
they're twins
okay Phoebe's Phoebe Ursula's when you
and I talk to each other about things
yeah let's not do that
hey guess who we saw today okay know
what we say first nope
the woman who cut my hair okay this
could be a really long game
your sister Ursula oh really
yeah yeah she works over at that place
riffs yeah I know
oh you do because she said you guys
haven't talked in like years yeah so um
is she fat not from where I was standing
where were you standing
um beeps so you you guys just don't get
along it's mostly just dumb sister stuff
you know I mean like everyone always
thought of her as the pretty one oh she
was the first one to start walking even
though I did it later that same day but
to my parents by then it was like yeah
right well what else is new
Oh Kives I'm sorry I've got to go I've
got Lamaze class oh and I've got earth
science but I'll catch you in gym
so is this just gonna be you inhale
no Susan's gonna be there too we've got
dads we've got lesbians the whole
parenting team oh no I mean it might
have been at first but by now I think
I'm pretty comfortable with the whole
situation Ross that's my jacket I know